Docs: Added Info on Global Styles (#18293)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/styled-components.md

)
```

## Creating Global Styles

> Styled-components are primarily used for a single CSS class that is isolated from other components. In some cases, you want to override global styling — for example, the default margins of your `body` element. Styled-components has your back. You can use the `createGlobalStyle` to accomplish this. We advise using `createGlobalStyle` in Layout components, which are shared over multiple pages rather than using it on a single page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Styled-components are primarily used for a single CSS class that is isolated from other components. In some cases, you want to override global styling — for example, the default margins of your `body` element. Styled-components has your back. You can use the `createGlobalStyle` API to accomplish this. It's advised to use `createGlobalStyle` in [Layout components](/docs/layout-components/), which are shared over multiple pages rather than on a single page.
```
Three things here: 
- adding the word "API" since it seemed like it was missing (removing "the" would work too)
- following the [Gatsby Style Guide](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/gatsby-style-guide/#use-you-as-the-pronoun) to focus on the reader
- adding a link to a doc on Layout components so people can learn more about them!

The example below shows how to create a `GlobalStyle` (which is a StyledComponent) for the color purple by importing `createGlobalStyle` from `styled-components`.

> ```jsx:title=src/pages/index.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx:title=src/components/layout.js
```
Should this be in a layout component to follow the advice in the previous paragraph?

> import { createGlobalStyle } from 'styled-components'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import React from "react"
import { createGlobalStyle } from 'styled-components'
```
Adding React here so that people don't get tripped up by it!

const GlobalStyle = createGlobalStyle`
  body {
    color: ${props => (props.theme === 'purple' ? 'purple' : 'white')};
  }
`

> // later on in your file

Reviewer: I think it would help to show the whole code example in case people don't know how to finish it!
```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export default ({children}) => (
```
do we need to mention props here, such as initializing a `theme` object prop with a default value like this?
```
export default ({children, theme = {}}) => (
```

Reviewer 2: @marcysutton I think you're referring to global theming like theme-ui supports. This is a "local" theming by using a prop called theme which in this example is just a string. Maybe we should rename it to a prop called `variation`?

Reviewer: I think we can keep it simple as a string, thanks for the input @wardpeet.

> <React.Fragment>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <React.Fragment>
```

>   <GlobalStyle theme="purple" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <GlobalStyle theme="purple" />
    { children }
```

> </React.Fragment>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  </React.Fragment>
)
```

)
```

## Creating Global Styles

> Normally, styled components are created for a single CSS class that is isolated from other components. In some cases, it’s helpful (and cleaner!) to create a global style so more than one component can have access to the same styles. In a way, you can create a base stylesheet.

Reviewer 2: I felt the words Normally & `it’s helpful (and cleaner!)` a bit less welcoming to my taste. Your words were not wrong, though! Probably best to wait for the @gatsbyjs/learning to give some extra pointers.

This is my take on it.
```suggestion
Styled-components is primarily used for a single CSS class that is isolated from other components. In some cases, you want to override global styling — for example, the default margins of your `body` element.  Styled-components has your back. You can use the `createGlobalStyle` to accomplish this. We advise using `createGlobalStyle` in Layout components, which are shared over multiple pages rather than using it on a single page.
```

Author: Absolutely! Great catch. Thanks for the updates. If there's anything needed on my end, please let me know.

> A global style can be created by using `createGlobalStyle` and can be added to files like `container.js` or `index.js`.

Reviewer 2: I've kinda said this in my rewrite of the sentences. Unsure if we need to callout `container.js` or `index.js` specifically.

```suggestion
```

Author: 👍

The example below shows how to create a `GlobalStyle` (which is a StyledComponent) for the color purple by importing `createGlobalStyle` from `styled-components`.

```jsx:title=src/pages/index.js
import { createGlobalStyle } from 'styled-components'

const GlobalStyle = createGlobalStyle`
  body {

>     color: ${props => (props.purpleColor ? 'purple' : 'white')};

Reviewer 2: Does this make more sense in a react world?
```suggestion
    color: ${props => (props.theme === 'purple' ? 'purple' : 'white')};
```

Author: 👍

  }
`

// later on in your file

<React.Fragment>

>   <GlobalStyle purpleColor />

Reviewer 2: Changed this to match above suggestion.
```suggestion
  <GlobalStyle theme="purple" />
```

Author: 👍

</React.Fragment>
```

> ## Enabling user stylesheets with a stable class name

Reviewer 3: This is a good catch getting the headings consistent in this doc too 🙂
